RockPaperScissor/README.md, before:


# Rock Paper Scissors Game

This is a simple game of rock paper scissors. The game is played against the computer. The computer randomly chooses rock, paper, or scissors. The user is prompted to choose rock, paper, or scissors. The winner is determined by the rules of rock paper scissors. The user can play as many times as they want. The user can also choose to quit the game at any time.

## Installation

To install this game, clone this repository and run the following command:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/VickyTheRocker/BeginnerProjects.git
```


## Run the Game

To run the game, navigate to the directory where the game is located and run the following command:

```bash
$ g++ main.cpp -o main
$ ./main
```

## How to Play

To play the game, follow the instructions on the screen. The game will prompt you to choose rock, paper, or scissors. The game will then randomly choose rock, paper, or scissors. The winner will be determined by the rules of rock paper scissors. The game will then prompt you to play again. If you choose to play again, the game will repeat. If you choose to quit, the game will end.

Commit message:

chore(rps): seed RNG, add Makefile and README build instructions

RockPaperScissor/README.md, after:


# Rock Paper Scissors Game

This is a simple game of rock paper scissors. The game is played against the computer. The computer randomly chooses rock, paper, or scissors. The user is prompted to choose rock, paper, or scissors. The winner is determined by the rules of rock paper scissors. The user can play as many times as they want. The user can also choose to quit the game at any time.

## Installation

To install this game, clone this repository and run the following command:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/VickyTheRocker/BeginnerProjects.git
```


## Run the Game

To run the game, navigate to the directory where the game is located and run the following command:

```bash
$ # Build with g++
$ g++ main.cpp rockpaperscissor.cpp -o rps
$ ./rps

# Or use the included Makefile (Unix/macOS / WSL / Git Bash)
make
make run
```

## How to Play

To play the game, follow the instructions on the screen. The game will prompt you to choose rock, paper, or scissors. The game will then randomly choose rock, paper, or scissors. The winner will be determined by the rules of rock paper scissors. The game will then prompt you to play again. If you choose to play again, the game will repeat. If you choose to quit, the game will end.
